Now let's have a look at rendered.age which is the header file for the render class.
This header file was provided by the io2d OpenStreetMap example
and remains mostly untouched except that we've
added a few methods for drawing the start position,
trying the end position,
and the path once you've created the path for your A-star search.
In the beginning of this header file,
there is the class constructor declaration render
and a declaration for a display function which uses io2d to display the output surface,
and then there are method declarations for building road representations,
building land-use brushes, drying buildings,
drying highways, and so on.
Down at the bottom of this header file,
there are io2d brush objects which are created here.
So you see io2d brush, background fill brush,
building filled brush, water-filled brush, and so on,
and these are used to render different parts of the OpenStreetMap data.